Translation corrections (#103)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/some_008.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#6f6599>珠子</color>", NULL, "<color=#6f6599>Tamako</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 38, "ps3/s04/38/310400199", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「ああ見えて、結構気にしてたんだよ？",
			NULL, "\"Despite how she behaves, she's really worried, you know?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 38, "ps3/s04/38/310400200", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　あのセンターなら変なトラブルに巻き込まれることはないはず、って夏美にアルバイトを世話したのは、千紗登だったからね」",

> 			NULL, " She said she told you about the job there because it wasn't the sort of place that should have been cause for strange incidents.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " She said she told you about the job there because she thought it wasn't the sort of place where you'd get caught up in strange incidents.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rきっと私のことを気遣って、『とんだ災難だったね』と慰めてくれるだろう。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "きっと私のことを気遣って、『とんだ災難だったね』と慰めてくれるだろう。",
			NULL, "I'm sure they'd sympathize with me, saying things like \"must have been rough\" to comfort me.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r…でも、その一方できっと、雛見沢の人は異常者だって決め付けて、軽蔑して、…聞きたくない不愉快な罵詈を気安く口にするに決まっていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…でも、その一方できっと、雛見沢の人は異常者だって決め付けて、軽蔑して、…聞きたくない不愉快な罵詈を気安く口にするに決まっていた。",

> 			NULL, "...But, on the other hand, I'm sure they'd label people from Hinamizawa as nuts, mock them, and say all other kinds of unpleasant slander about them without a second thought.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...But, on the other hand, I'm sure they'd label people from Hinamizawa as nuts, mock them, and say all kinds of unpleasant slander about them without a second thought.", Line_Normal);
```
